setup.py
myhand/README.md
myhand/__init__.py
myhand/autoassist.py
myhand/autobuilder.py
myhand/automath.py
myhand/autoretriever.py
myhand/chatgpt.py
myhand/codey.py
myhand/commandprompt.py
myhand/config.py
myhand/eTextEdit.py
myhand/geminipro.py
myhand/geminiprovision.py
myhand/health_check.py
myhand/main.py
myhand/package_name.txt
myhand/palm2.py
myhand/requirements.txt
myhand/systemtray.py
myhand.egg-info/PKG-INFO
myhand.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
myhand.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
myhand.egg-info/entry_points.txt
myhand.egg-info/requires.txt
myhand.egg-info/top_level.txt
myhand/audio/notification1.mp3
myhand/audio/notification1_mild.mp3
myhand/audio/notification2.mp3
myhand/audio/notification2_mild.mp3
myhand/files/Readme.md
myhand/history/Readme.md
myhand/icons/CyberTask.ico
myhand/icons/CyberTask.png
myhand/icons/GeminiPro.ico
myhand/icons/GeminiPro.png
myhand/icons/LetMeDoIt.ico
myhand/icons/LetMeDoIt.png
myhand/icons/MyHand.ico
myhand/icons/MyHand.png
myhand/icons/TaskWiz.ico
myhand/icons/TaskWiz.png
myhand/icons/systemtray.ico
myhand/icons/systemtray.png
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Download_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Download_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Download_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Explanation_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Explanation_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Explanation_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Files_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Files_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Files_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Pronounce_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Pronounce_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Pronounce_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Summary_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Summary_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Summary_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Text_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Text_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Text_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Translation_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Translation_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Translation_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_YoutubeMP3_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_YoutubeMP3_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
myhand/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_YoutubeMP3_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
myhand/plugins/000_check_ffmpeg.py
myhand/plugins/000_check_pyaudio.py
myhand/plugins/000_check_vlc.py
myhand/plugins/Readme.md
myhand/plugins/add calendar event.py
myhand/plugins/aliases.py
myhand/plugins/analyze audio.py
myhand/plugins/analyze files.py
myhand/plugins/analyze images with gemini.py
myhand/plugins/analyze images.py
myhand/plugins/analyze web content.py
myhand/plugins/ask chatgpt.py
myhand/plugins/ask codey.py
myhand/plugins/ask gemini pro.py
myhand/plugins/ask palm2.py
myhand/plugins/ask sqlite.py
myhand/plugins/auto heal python code.py
myhand/plugins/awesome prompts.py
myhand/plugins/character analysis.py
myhand/plugins/contexts.py
myhand/plugins/counselling.py
myhand/plugins/create ai assistants.py
myhand/plugins/create images.py
myhand/plugins/create maps.py
myhand/plugins/create qrcode.py
myhand/plugins/create statistical graphics.py
myhand/plugins/dates and times.py
myhand/plugins/download youtube or web content.py
myhand/plugins/edit text.py
myhand/plugins/global finance.py
myhand/plugins/improve British English.py
myhand/plugins/input suggestions.py
myhand/plugins/install python package.py
myhand/plugins/integrate google searches.py
myhand/plugins/manipulate files.py
myhand/plugins/memory.py
myhand/plugins/modify images.py
myhand/plugins/open web browser.py
myhand/plugins/pronounce words.py
myhand/plugins/remove image background.py
myhand/plugins/search chat records.py
myhand/plugins/search financial data.py
myhand/plugins/search latest news.py
myhand/plugins/search weather info.py
myhand/plugins/send email.py
myhand/plugins/send whatsapp messages.py
myhand/plugins/simplified Chinese to traditional Chinese.py
myhand/plugins/solve math problems.py
myhand/temp/Readme.md
myhand/utils/assistant.py
myhand/utils/config_essential.py
myhand/utils/config_tools.py
myhand/utils/file_utils.py
myhand/utils/get_path_prompt.py
myhand/utils/install.py
myhand/utils/promptValidator.py
myhand/utils/prompt_multiline_shared_key_bindings.py
myhand/utils/prompt_shared_key_bindings.py
myhand/utils/prompts.py
myhand/utils/shared_utils.py
myhand/utils/shortcuts.py
myhand/utils/streaming_word_wrapper.py
myhand/utils/sttLanguages.py
myhand/utils/terminal_mode_dialogs.py
myhand/utils/terminal_system_command_prompt.py
myhand/utils/text_utils.py
myhand/utils/ttsLanguages.py
myhand/utils/tts_utils.py
myhand/utils/vlc_utils.py