setup.py
cybertask/README.md
cybertask/__init__.py
cybertask/autoassist.py
cybertask/autobuilder.py
cybertask/automath.py
cybertask/autoretriever.py
cybertask/chatgpt.py
cybertask/codey.py
cybertask/commandprompt.py
cybertask/config.py
cybertask/eTextEdit.py
cybertask/geminipro.py
cybertask/geminiprovision.py
cybertask/health_check.py
cybertask/main.py
cybertask/package_name.txt
cybertask/palm2.py
cybertask/requirements.txt
cybertask/systemtray.py
cybertask.egg-info/PKG-INFO
cybertask.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
cybertask.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
cybertask.egg-info/entry_points.txt
cybertask.egg-info/requires.txt
cybertask.egg-info/top_level.txt
cybertask/audio/notification1.mp3
cybertask/audio/notification1_mild.mp3
cybertask/audio/notification2.mp3
cybertask/audio/notification2_mild.mp3
cybertask/files/Readme.md
cybertask/history/Readme.md
cybertask/icons/CyberTask.ico
cybertask/icons/CyberTask.png
cybertask/icons/GeminiPro.ico
cybertask/icons/GeminiPro.png
cybertask/icons/LetMeDoIt.ico
cybertask/icons/LetMeDoIt.png
cybertask/icons/MyHand.ico
cybertask/icons/MyHand.png
cybertask/icons/TaskWiz.ico
cybertask/icons/TaskWiz.png
cybertask/icons/systemtray.ico
cybertask/icons/systemtray.png
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Download_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Download_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Download_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Explanation_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Explanation_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Explanation_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Files_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Files_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Files_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Pronounce_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Pronounce_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Pronounce_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Summary_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Summary_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Summary_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Text_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Text_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Text_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Translation_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Translation_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Translation_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_YoutubeMP3_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_YoutubeMP3_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
cybertask/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_YoutubeMP3_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
cybertask/plugins/000_check_ffmpeg.py
cybertask/plugins/000_check_pyaudio.py
cybertask/plugins/000_check_vlc.py
cybertask/plugins/Readme.md
cybertask/plugins/add calendar event.py
cybertask/plugins/aliases.py
cybertask/plugins/analyze audio.py
cybertask/plugins/analyze files.py
cybertask/plugins/analyze images with gemini.py
cybertask/plugins/analyze images.py
cybertask/plugins/analyze web content.py
cybertask/plugins/ask chatgpt.py
cybertask/plugins/ask codey.py
cybertask/plugins/ask gemini pro.py
cybertask/plugins/ask palm2.py
cybertask/plugins/ask sqlite.py
cybertask/plugins/auto heal python code.py
cybertask/plugins/awesome prompts.py
cybertask/plugins/character analysis.py
cybertask/plugins/contexts.py
cybertask/plugins/counselling.py
cybertask/plugins/create ai assistants.py
cybertask/plugins/create images.py
cybertask/plugins/create maps.py
cybertask/plugins/create qrcode.py
cybertask/plugins/create statistical graphics.py
cybertask/plugins/dates and times.py
cybertask/plugins/download youtube or web content.py
cybertask/plugins/edit text.py
cybertask/plugins/global finance.py
cybertask/plugins/improve British English.py
cybertask/plugins/input suggestions.py
cybertask/plugins/install python package.py
cybertask/plugins/integrate google searches.py
cybertask/plugins/manipulate files.py
cybertask/plugins/memory.py
cybertask/plugins/modify images.py
cybertask/plugins/open web browser.py
cybertask/plugins/pronounce words.py
cybertask/plugins/remove image background.py
cybertask/plugins/search chat records.py
cybertask/plugins/search financial data.py
cybertask/plugins/search latest news.py
cybertask/plugins/search weather info.py
cybertask/plugins/send email.py
cybertask/plugins/send whatsapp messages.py
cybertask/plugins/simplified Chinese to traditional Chinese.py
cybertask/plugins/solve math problems.py
cybertask/temp/Readme.md
cybertask/utils/assistant.py
cybertask/utils/config_essential.py
cybertask/utils/config_tools.py
cybertask/utils/file_utils.py
cybertask/utils/get_path_prompt.py
cybertask/utils/install.py
cybertask/utils/promptValidator.py
cybertask/utils/prompt_multiline_shared_key_bindings.py
cybertask/utils/prompt_shared_key_bindings.py
cybertask/utils/prompts.py
cybertask/utils/shared_utils.py
cybertask/utils/shortcuts.py
cybertask/utils/streaming_word_wrapper.py
cybertask/utils/sttLanguages.py
cybertask/utils/terminal_mode_dialogs.py
cybertask/utils/terminal_system_command_prompt.py
cybertask/utils/text_utils.py
cybertask/utils/ttsLanguages.py
cybertask/utils/tts_utils.py
cybertask/utils/vlc_utils.py