setup.py
taskwiz/README.md
taskwiz/__init__.py
taskwiz/autoassist.py
taskwiz/autobuilder.py
taskwiz/automath.py
taskwiz/autoretriever.py
taskwiz/chatgpt.py
taskwiz/codey.py
taskwiz/commandprompt.py
taskwiz/config.py
taskwiz/eTextEdit.py
taskwiz/geminipro.py
taskwiz/geminiprovision.py
taskwiz/health_check.py
taskwiz/main.py
taskwiz/package_name.txt
taskwiz/palm2.py
taskwiz/requirements.txt
taskwiz/systemtray.py
taskwiz.egg-info/PKG-INFO
taskwiz.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
taskwiz.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
taskwiz.egg-info/entry_points.txt
taskwiz.egg-info/requires.txt
taskwiz.egg-info/top_level.txt
taskwiz/audio/notification1.mp3
taskwiz/audio/notification1_mild.mp3
taskwiz/audio/notification2.mp3
taskwiz/audio/notification2_mild.mp3
taskwiz/files/Readme.md
taskwiz/history/Readme.md
taskwiz/icons/CyberTask.ico
taskwiz/icons/CyberTask.png
taskwiz/icons/GeminiPro.ico
taskwiz/icons/GeminiPro.png
taskwiz/icons/LetMeDoIt.ico
taskwiz/icons/LetMeDoIt.png
taskwiz/icons/MyHand.ico
taskwiz/icons/MyHand.png
taskwiz/icons/TaskWiz.ico
taskwiz/icons/TaskWiz.png
taskwiz/icons/systemtray.ico
taskwiz/icons/systemtray.png
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Download_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Download_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Download_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Explanation_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Explanation_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Explanation_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Files_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Files_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Files_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Pronounce_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Pronounce_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Pronounce_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Summary_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Summary_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Summary_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Text_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Text_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Text_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Translation_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Translation_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_Translation_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_YoutubeMP3_workflow/Contents/Info.plist
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_YoutubeMP3_workflow/Contents/document.wflow
taskwiz/macOS_service/LetMeDoIt_YoutubeMP3_workflow/Contents/QuickLook/Thumbnail.png
taskwiz/plugins/000_check_ffmpeg.py
taskwiz/plugins/000_check_pyaudio.py
taskwiz/plugins/000_check_vlc.py
taskwiz/plugins/Readme.md
taskwiz/plugins/add calendar event.py
taskwiz/plugins/aliases.py
taskwiz/plugins/analyze audio.py
taskwiz/plugins/analyze files.py
taskwiz/plugins/analyze images with gemini.py
taskwiz/plugins/analyze images.py
taskwiz/plugins/analyze web content.py
taskwiz/plugins/ask chatgpt.py
taskwiz/plugins/ask codey.py
taskwiz/plugins/ask gemini pro.py
taskwiz/plugins/ask palm2.py
taskwiz/plugins/ask sqlite.py
taskwiz/plugins/auto heal python code.py
taskwiz/plugins/awesome prompts.py
taskwiz/plugins/character analysis.py
taskwiz/plugins/contexts.py
taskwiz/plugins/counselling.py
taskwiz/plugins/create ai assistants.py
taskwiz/plugins/create images.py
taskwiz/plugins/create maps.py
taskwiz/plugins/create qrcode.py
taskwiz/plugins/create statistical graphics.py
taskwiz/plugins/dates and times.py
taskwiz/plugins/download youtube or web content.py
taskwiz/plugins/edit text.py
taskwiz/plugins/global finance.py
taskwiz/plugins/improve British English.py
taskwiz/plugins/input suggestions.py
taskwiz/plugins/install python package.py
taskwiz/plugins/integrate google searches.py
taskwiz/plugins/manipulate files.py
taskwiz/plugins/memory.py
taskwiz/plugins/modify images.py
taskwiz/plugins/open web browser.py
taskwiz/plugins/pronounce words.py
taskwiz/plugins/remove image background.py
taskwiz/plugins/search chat records.py
taskwiz/plugins/search financial data.py
taskwiz/plugins/search latest news.py
taskwiz/plugins/search weather info.py
taskwiz/plugins/send email.py
taskwiz/plugins/send whatsapp messages.py
taskwiz/plugins/simplified Chinese to traditional Chinese.py
taskwiz/plugins/solve math problems.py
taskwiz/temp/Readme.md
taskwiz/utils/assistant.py
taskwiz/utils/config_essential.py
taskwiz/utils/config_tools.py
taskwiz/utils/file_utils.py
taskwiz/utils/get_path_prompt.py
taskwiz/utils/install.py
taskwiz/utils/promptValidator.py
taskwiz/utils/prompt_multiline_shared_key_bindings.py
taskwiz/utils/prompt_shared_key_bindings.py
taskwiz/utils/prompts.py
taskwiz/utils/shared_utils.py
taskwiz/utils/shortcuts.py
taskwiz/utils/streaming_word_wrapper.py
taskwiz/utils/sttLanguages.py
taskwiz/utils/terminal_mode_dialogs.py
taskwiz/utils/terminal_system_command_prompt.py
taskwiz/utils/text_utils.py
taskwiz/utils/ttsLanguages.py
taskwiz/utils/tts_utils.py
taskwiz/utils/vlc_utils.py